
                  Definitions of Terms Commonly Used in Higher Math

          The following is a guide to the weary student of mathematics who
          is often confronted with terms which are commonly used but rarely
          defined.  In the search for proper definitions for these terms we
          found no authoritative, nor even recognized, source.  Thus, we
          followed the advice of mathematicians handed down from time
          immortal:  "Wing It."


          CLEARLY:            I don't want to write down all the "in-
                              between" steps.

          TRIVIAL:            If I have to show you how to do this, you're
                              in the wrong class.

          OBVIOUSLY:          I hope you weren't sleeping when we discussed
                              this earlier, because I refuse to repeat it.

          RECALL:             I shouldn't have to tell you this, but for
                              those of you who erase your memory tapes
                              after every test...

          WLOG (Without Loss Of Generality): I'm not about to do all the
                              possible cases, so I'll do one and let you
                              figure out the rest.

          IT CAN EASILY BE SHOWN: Even you, in your finite wisdom, should
                              be able to prove this without me holding your
                              hand.

          CHECK or CHECK FOR YOURSELF: This is the boring part of the
                              proof, so you can do it on your own time.

          SKETCH OF A PROOF:  I couldn't verify all the details, so I'll
                              break it down into the parts I couldn't
                              prove.

          HINT:               The hardest of several possible ways to do a
                              proof.

          BRUTE FORCE (AND IGNORANCE): Four special cases, three counting
                              arguments, two long inductions, "and a
                              partridge in a pair tree."

          SOFT PROOF:         One third less filling (of the page) than
                              your regular proof, but it requires two extra
                              years of course work just to understand the
                              terms.

          ELEGANT PROOF:      Requires no previous knowledge of the subject
                              matter and is less than ten lines long.

          SIMILARLY:          At least one line of the proof of this case is
                              the same as before.

          CANONICAL FORM:     4 out of 5 mathematicians surveyed
                              recommended this as the final form for their
                              students who choose to finish.

          TFAE (The Following Are Equivalent): If I say this it means that,
                              and if I say that it means the other thing,
                              and if I say the other thing...

          BY A PREVIOUS THEOREM: I don't remember how it goes (come to
                              think of it I'm not really sure we did this
                              at all), but if I stated it right (or at
                              all), then the rest of this follows.

          TWO LINE PROOF:     I'll leave out everything but the conclusion,
                              you can't question 'em if you can't see 'em.

          BRIEFLY:            I'm running out of time, so I'll just write
                              and talk faster.

          LET'S TALK THROUGH IT: I don't want to write it on the board lest
                              I make a mistake.

          PROCEED FORMALLY:   Manipulate symbols by the rules without any
                              hint of their true meaning (popular in pure
                              math courses).

          QUANTIFY:           I can't find anything wrong with your proof
                              except that it won't work if x is a moon of
                              Jupiter (Popular in applied math courses).

          PROOF OMITTED:      Trust me, It's true.

