
A tribe of Native Americans generally referred to their woman by the
animal hide with which they made their blanket.  Thus, one woman might
be known as Squaw of Buffalo Hide, while another might be known as
Squaw of Deer Hide.  This tribe had a particularly large and strong
woman, with a very unique (for North America anyway) animal hide for
her blanket.  This woman was known as Squaw of Hippopotamus hide, and
she was as large and powerful as the animal from which her blanket was
made.

Year after year, this woman entered the tribal wrestling tournament,
and easily defeated all challengers; male or female.  As the men of
the tribe admired her strength and power, this made many of the other
woman of the tribe extremely jealous.  One year, two of the squaws
petitioned the Chief to allow them to enter their sons together as a
wrestling tandem in order to wrestle Squaw of the Hippopotamus hide as
a team.  In this way, they hoped to see that she would no longer be
champion wrestler of the tribe.

As the luck of the draw would have it, the two sons who were wrestling
as a tandem met the squaw in the final and championship round of the
wrestling contest.  As the match began, it became clear that the squaw
had finally met an opponent that was her equal.  The two sons wrestled
and struggled vigorously and were clearly on an equal footing with the
powerful squaw.  Their match lasted for hours without a clear victor.
Finally the chief intervened and declared that, in the interests of
the health and safety of the wrestlers, the match was to be terminated
and that he would declare a winner.

The chief retired to his teepee and contemplated the great struggle he
had witnessed, and found it extremely difficult to decide a winner.
While the two young men had clearly outmatched the squaw, he found it
difficult to force the squaw to relinquish her tribal championship.
After all, it had taken two young men to finally provide her with a
decent match.  Finally, after much deliberation, the chief came out
from his teepee, and announced his decision.  He said...

"The Squaw of the Hippopotamus hide is equal to the sons of the squaws
of the other two hides"

