


   I knew this guy, he told me this, but I don't know if it's true.  He said
that one day, he was riding through North Carolina and he saw a sign that said:
"Vaseline-Powered Car For Sale".  He thought this was pretty odd so he decided
to follow the signs to look at the Vaseline-powered car.  He drove for about
five miles and finally came upon a sign that pointed up a driveway, which led
back into some woods.  He pulled in and drove about half a mile and came upon a
house.  It looked deserted so he blew the horn.  He waited for about a minute
before an old man came out.  He rolled his window down and called out to him, 
"Hey!  Is it true that you have a Vaseline-powered car for sale?"  The old man
assured him he did and the guy asked him if he could see it.
   They walked back behind the house to an old barn.  The old man opened the
double wide barn door and there was a car sitting under an old dirty blanket. 
The old man pulled the blanket off the car and under it was a shiny red
Corvette.
   "1969, 369 Cubic inch, 400 horsepower, 4-speed transmission", the old man
said.  The guy asked him if it was true that the car ran on Vaseline.  And the
old man went to the Vaseline tank and stuck his hand inside.  When he pulled it
out it was covered with Vaseline.  "Care to drive it?", he asked.
   As the guy snapped on his seat belt the old man said, "Don't go too fast. 
Vaseline has more pick-up than regular gas.  And it's low on Vaseline, too, so
don't go too far".  This guy turned the key and that car fired up and it sounded
like the space shuttle and then it settled down like a purring tiger.  He found
first gear and eased out of the barn.  He turned onto the hardtop and hit second
gear at 45 mph.  Third at 70 and into fourth at 95.  The car felt wonderful! 
110 mph and so smooth!  And the pick-up was unbelieveable!  He had covered five
miles in under three minutes when, all of the sudden, the car shut off.  He
coasted to a stop and got out.  To his fear, he was out of Vaseline.  He started
to walk.
   Meanwhile, down the road...
   A family had just finished supper.  There was dad, mom, and two daughters,
one home from college, the other in high school.  Dad was telling mom how good
supper was and mom said that since she cooked such a fine meal that she
shouldn't have to wash the dishes.  The oldest girl said that she couldn't do
the dishes because she had a date and the other daughter said she had homework
to do and couldn't do the dishes.  Dad said that he was the man of the house and
he'll be damned if he did the dishes.  They argued for a few minutes and then
dad told everybody to shut up.  He said that since they couldn't decide who
would wash the dishes, then what they should do is go in the living room, sit
down, and the first person to say anything would have to do the dishes. They
agreed and moved to the living room.  They sat down and stared at each other,
not speaking a word.  Everybody had their mouths closed.  Nobody dared to speak.
Silence filled the room.
   There was a knock at the door.  A few moments later, another knock.  The man
at the door saw the family throught the window.  He knocked again but nobody
answered.  He walked in.
   "Hey, I knocked on your door but nobody said...hey, food!  Do you mind if I
have some?," the stranger asked.  Nobody said anything.  So he went to the table
and started eating.  He looked in the fridge and found some beer and asked if he
could have some.  Nobody said anything.  He drank three or four beers and got a
little buzz.  He walked into the living room and asked dad if he minded if he
had sex with his oldest daughter.  Nobody said anything.  He took the girl in
the bedroom and had sex with her.  Later, he was back at the supper table
drinking more beer.  He walked back into the living room and asked dad if he
could have sex with his youngest daughter.  Nobody said anything.  He took her
into the bedroom and had sex with her too.  Later, sitting at the table, after
more beer, mom started to look pretty good.  He walked in and asked dad if he
minded if he had sex with his wife.  Nobody said anything.  So he took mom into
the bedroom and had sex with her.  When he was through he walked into the living
room and stood in front of dad.
   "Hey, do you have any Vaseline?", he asked dad.
   And dad said, "I'll wash the damn dishes."

