
Dear Prospective Employer:

I am a starving student on the 1993 production line at Harvard Law Factory.  A
recent examination of my aspirations has convinced me that I must eat in the
years to come.  The exorbitant sums paid by most legal factories to summer
associates fit in well with the modest goals I have set for myself.  Feel
assured that I understand the responsibilities incumbent upon a summer associate
at your firm.  I am not at all squeamish about milking our powerful corporate
clients of their every last cent by providing legal services of the calibre
necessary to defeat well-founded claims by victims caught in the corporate vice.
I have learned much at Hahvahd.  I can promise that such human foibles as pity
will never interfere with my willingness to stretch the innocent on the rack of
legal trickery for the good of the client and its share-holders.

Although my parents lost their fortune in the 1987 stock market crash, we have
managed to retain our insultingly extravagant La Jolla mansion by means of lies
and trickery.  I have gained a deep admiration for conspicuous consumption and
hope to become an expert in the practice.  If I may quote the Bible, "You cannot
serve both God and Mammon." (Matt. 6:24).  So why bother serving God?

I would be delighted to discuss further my background in a personal interview.
I am satisfied by my ability to demonstrate the amorality needed to be a
successful attorney, and the hunger needed to be a successful and profitable
hour biller with your factory.  I appreciate the time spent reading this form
letter and my "you've seen it all before" resume.  I look forward to receiving a
form letter with good news from you soon!

Desperately, but cocksurely,

Jack Meoff, Jr.
enclosure
                     JACK MEOFF, JR.

School Residence                        Family Residence
666 Brattle St., #14                    99 Oversight Dr.
Cambridge, MA 02138                     La Jolla, CA  92123
(617) 123-4567                          (714) 321-9999

EDUCATION

HARVARD LAW FACTORY.  Juris Doctor will be awarded May, 1993.
     Grade Point Average:  3.  93/4.  00
     *Christopher Columbus Langell Scholar
     *Staff Member (redundant, huh?) Harvard Review
     *Founder, CRAP in '92 (Committee to Re-elect America's President)

DARTMOUTH COLLEGE.  Bachelor of Science, summa cum laude, awarded 1990.
     Grade Point Average: 3.  97/4.  00Class Rank:  3/1245
     Major:  Economic Assumptions         Minor:  Business Antics
     *Senior Thesis:  "The Rich:  How to Keep them that Way"
     *Editor-in-chief, "The Dartmouth Review"
     *President, Future Fascists of America

EXPERIENCE

WICHITA MUNICIPAL JAIL
Conspirator, Operation Rescue, 1991
     *Deprived numerous U.  S.  Citizens of their civil rights
     *Endured three nights of detention for flouting U.  S.  District Judge
      Patrick Kelly's injunction encouraging infanticide

SILVERADO SAVINGS AND LOAN
Personal Assistant, Office of Mr.  Neil Bush, 1990
     *Rubber-stamped numberless unsecured loans to family friends
     *Hid under rock with "sensitive" files when federal inspectors visited

EXXON CORPORATION
Intern, Legal Department, 1989
     *Collaborated in escape from liability for Exxon Valdez spill
     *Advised that Capt.  Hazelwood be publicly pilloried as drunk culprit

UNITED STATES SENATE
Intern, Office of the Honorable Jesse Helms, 1988
     *Authored bill to mandate a return to the values of the Middle Ages
     *Rigged spring-guns to "delay" Anti-life protesters at door
     *Bullshit official positions to constituents

INTERESTS

     *Money
     *Wealth
     *Riches
     *Treasure Trove

REFERENCES

Available for a modest fee

