
The Joy Of Obesity
by Dr. John Cocker

reprinted and edited without permission from
_PUNCH_ The Journal of Medical Humour Digest for Canadian Doctors
Jul,Aug 1993

   Obesity has been getting a lot of bad press recently.  Research conducted
entirely by thin people, has uncovered justification for their own masochistic
obsessive-compulsive, fun-killing anal retentative lifestyles.
   One of the great problems with research, of course, is that the researchers
tend to find what they're looking for.  And when they find it, they stop looking
for other things.  It's important, therefore, not to believe research by
pressure groups that start with preconceived ideas.
   Examples of findings not to believe: research on the benefits of exercise by
phys. Ed. Department, on the hazards of cholesterol by an anorexic and on the
joy of obesity by an overweight G. P.  The whole obesity phobia was started by
some statistics from a life insurance company purporting to show that people who
were overweight didn't live as long as people who were underweight.  These were
very raw figures and led to some unwarranted conclusions.
   First, it was assumed that if the overweight group lost weight they'd live
longer.  This was totally unproved.  It never will be proved, as there are just
not enough people to study who've lost weight permanently.  [95% of those who
lose weight gain it back again within 5 years -ed] [and the yo-yo effect of
losing then gaining many pounds repeatedly causes a greater health risk than
staying overweight. -ed]
   Second, it did not address the possibility that the obese group might have
another factor affecting lifespan.  It seems this is very likely, since the
Framington Study showed that if diabetics and those with heart disease were
removed from the obese group, the obese group lived longer.

Let's list some benefits of obesity:

   Overeating Is Fun.  Make a list of all the pleasures that are in this life
and you'll find the list isn't very long.  The one pleasure that's life-long and
never pales is eating.

   Carrying Fat Is Good Exercise.  If you believe in exercise (I don't), surely
carrying around 20 or 30 pounds of fat all day should be good for you.

   Obese People Are Nicer People.  This is not just a hasty remark, but the
result of careful clinical observation.  I've seen an average of 20 patients a
day for 30 years.  I can tell you that these people are more jolly, more kind,
more forgiving and just generally nicer.  Although it could be the other way
round, losing weight and keeping it off, is so rare that only
obsessive-compulsives are able to do it.  This may be admirable, but
obsessive-compulsives aren't relaxing people to be with.  [I agree.  Really thin
and athletic people are that way usually from a driving goal-oriented
personality.  In short, they are assholes. -ed.]

   Obese People Represent Superior Adaptation.  In days gone by, there were many
advantages to being able to convert excess food into fat.  The long winters were
better survived by those with a reserve of calories.

   Climatic Adaptation.  Obese people can survive cold better.  In particular,
their cold-water survival ability has been demonstrated many times.

   Obese People Make Better Lovers.  This is a fact known to romantics the world
over.  Bony lovers can never compete with what G.  K.  Chesterston referred to
as the "promise of pneumatic bliss."

   Anorexia, a terrible condition, is rare among obese people.

   Those who consider the highly trained athlete to be the ideal human might
want to consider the greatest duration runner of the animal kingdom, the
pronghorn antelope of Wyoming.  It can run 95km/h for an hour.  It has
tremendous lungs, an amazing cardiac output and a maximum oxygen uptake that
might deplete the Earth's resources.  So why didn't this marvel of nature become
a widespread species ?  Since these antelopes have no body fat, and can stand
neither cold nor lack or food, few survive the Wyoming winter.

Think about it.   []

