
   It had to happen sooner or later.  Lawyer Dobbins was wheeled into the
emergency room on a stretcher, rolling his head in agony.  Doctor Green came
over to see him.
  "Dobbins," he said, "What an honor.  The last time I saw you was in court when
you accused me of malpractice."
  "Doc.  Doc.  My side is on fire.  The pain is right here.  What could it be?"
  "How would I know?  You told the jury I wasn't fit to be a doctor."
  "I was only kidding, Doc.  When you represent a client you don't know what
you're saying.  Could I be passing a kidney stone?"
  "Your diagnosis is as good as mine."
  "What are you talking about?"
  "When you questioned me on the stand you indicated you knew everything there
was to know about the practice of medicine."
  "Doc, I'm climbing the wall.  Give me something."
  "Let's say I give you something for a kidney stone and it turns out to be a
gallstone.  Who is going to pay for my court costs?"
  "I'll sign a paper that I won't sue."
  "Can I read to you from the transcript of the trial?  Lawyer Dobbins: 'Why
were you so sure that my client had tennis elbow?'  Dr. Green: 'I've treated
hundreds of people with tennis elbow and I know it when I see it.'  Dobbins: 'It
never occurred to you my client could have an Excedrin headache?'  Green: 'No,
there were no signs of an Excedrin headache.'  Dobbins: 'You and your ilk make
me sick.' "
  "Why are you reading that to me?"
  "Because, Dobbins, since the trial I've lost confidence in making a diagnosis.
A lady cane in the other day limping..."
  "Please, Doc, I don't want to hear it now.  Give me some Demerol."
  "You said during the suit that I dispensed drugs like a drunken sailor.  I've
changed my ways, Dobbins.  I don't prescribe drugs anymore."
  "Then get me another doctor."
  "There are no other doctors on duty.  The reason I'm here is that after the
malpractice suit the sheriff seized everything in my office.  This is the only
place that I can practice."
  "If you give me something to relieve the pain I will personally appeal your
case to a higher court."
  "You know, Dobbins, I was sure that you were a prime candidate for a kidney
stone."
  "You can't tell a man is a candidate for a kidney stone just by looking at
him."
  "That's what you think, Dobbins.  You had so much acid in you when you
addressed the jury I knew some of it eventually had to crystallize into stones.
Remember on the third day day when you called me the 'Butcher of Operating Room
6'?  That afternoon I said to my wife, "That man is going to be in a lot of
pain.' "
  "Okay, Doc, you've had your ounce of flesh.  Can I now have my ounce of
Demerol?"
  "I better check you out first."
  "Don't check me out, just give the dope."
  "But in court the first question you asked me was if I had examined the
patient completely.  It would be negligent of me if I didn't do it now.  Do you
mind getting up on the scale?"
  "What for?"
  "To find out your height.  I have to be prepared in case I get sued and the
lawyer asks me if I knew how tall you were."
  "I'm not going to sue you."
  "You say that now.  But how can I be sure you won't file a writ after you pass
the kidney stone?"

