
   Ole Charlie was retiring after 30 wonderful years in the postal service.  On
his last run on his route, he thought it would be nice to go door to door and
say one last good-bye.  Charlie knocks on one particuliar door and a beautiful
blonde lady greets him.  She says that she has heard that today was his last day
before he retires and asks if he would like to come in and have some breakfast. 
   "Oh no!  I couldn't do that!  Why, it's strictly against policy!" he
exclaimed.
   "So what?  What are they going to do?  Fire you?" she said.
   Charlie laughed (realizing today was his last day anyway), and came in,
whereupon he was led into the dining room where layed out on the table was the
most elaborate breakfast he has ever seen!
   "Sit down and help yourself to anything you want!" she smiled.
   While Charlie sat down to the feast of his life, she ran upstairs and
returned dressed only in a sexy black negligee just as Charlie was pushing
himself away from the table.  "You want to go upstairs for some...  Uh...  Fun?"
she purred.
   "Oh no!  I couldn't do that!" Charlie exclaimed, "I mean, you gave me a
fantastic breakfast and all and I really must go!"
   "What are they going to do?  Fire you?" she pouted.
   Charlie thought about this, and being his last day and all, he thought "What
the hell", and escorted the blonde upstairs.
   After much furious lovemaking lasting several hours, Charlie and the blonde
staggered sweating and exhausted down the stairs.  Charlie hurried and buttoned
his shirt and pants.  He thanked the blond and was just ready to leave when, the
blonde said "Oh, I almost forgot!", running over to her purse and handed Charlie
a dollar bill.
   "Oh no!  I can't take any money from you!" exclaimed Charlie, "I mean, the
breakfast, uh...  You know...  Upstairs and all, I just can't take money from
you too!"
   "Go ahead take it.." she said, "It was my husbands idea anyway".
   "Your husbands???!!!???" stammered Charlie.
   "Sure, just this morning, I asked my husband what we should get the postman
for his last day and he said 'Fuck him, give him a dollar!'  Breakfast was MY
idea!"

