
Murphy's Laws On Love and Sex

All the good ones are taken.

If the person isn't taken, there's a reason (corollary to the above law)

The nicer someone is, the farther away (s)he is from you.

Brains x Beauty x Availability = Constant

The amount of love someone feels for you is inversely proportional to how much
   you love them.

Money can't buy love, but it sure gets you a great bargaining position.

The best things in the world are free - and worth every penny of it.

Every kind action has a not-so-kind reaction.

Nice guys finish last.

If it seems too good to be true, it probably is.

The more beautiful the woman is who loves you, the easier it is to leave her
   with no hard feelings.

Nothing improves with age.

No matter how many times you've had it, if it's offered take it, because it'll
   never be quite the same again.

Sex has no calories.

Sex takes up the least amount of time and causes the most amount of trouble.

There is no remedy for sex but more sex.

Sex appeal is 50% what you've got and 50% what people think you've got.

No sex with anyone in the same office.

Sex is like snow; you never know how many inches you are going to get or how
   long it is going to last.

A man in the house is worth two in the street.

If you get them by the balls, their hearts and minds will follow.

Virginity can be cured.

When a man's wife learns to understand him, she usually stops listening to him.
   and vice versa...

Never sleep with anyone crazier than yourself.

The qualities that most attract a woman to a man are usually the same ones she
   can't stand years later.

Sex is dirty only if it's done right.

It is always the wrong time of month.

The best way to hold a man is in your arms.

When the lights are out, all women are beautiful.

Sex is hereditary.  If your parents never had it, chances are you won't either.

Sow your wild oats on Saturday night; then on Sunday, pray for crop failure.

The younger the better.

The game of love is never called off on account of darkness.

It was not the apple on the tree but the pair on the ground that caused the
   trouble in the garden.

Sex discriminates against the shy and the ugly.

Before you find your handsome prince, you've got to kiss a lot of frogs.

There may be some things better than sex, and some things worse than sex.  But
   there is nothing exactly like it.

Love your neighbor, but don't get caught.

Love is a hole in the heart.

If the effort that went in research on the female bosom had gone into our space
   program, we would now be running hot-dog stands on the moon.

Love is a matter of chemistry, sex is a matter of physics.

Do it only with the best.

Sex is a three-letter word which needs some old-fashioned four-letter words to
   convey its full meaning.

One good turn gets most of the blankets.

You cannot produce a baby in one month by impregnating nine women.

Love is the triumph of imagination over intelligence.

It is better to have loved and lost than never to have loved at all.

Thou shalt not commit adultery, unless in the mood.

Never lie down with a woman who's got more troubles than you.

Abstain from wine, women, and song; mostly song.

Never argue with a women when she's tired, or rested.

A woman never forgets the men she could have had; a man, the women he couldn't.

What matters is not the length of the wand, but the magic in the stick.

It is better to be looked over than overlooked.

Never say no.

A man can be happy with any woman as long as he doesn't love her.

Beauty is skin deep; ugly goes right to the bone.

A man is only a man, but a good bicycle is a ride.

Love comes in spurts.

Sex is one of the nine reasons for reincarnation; the other eight are
   unimportant.

Don't do it if you can't keep it up.

There is no difference between a wise man and a fool when they fall in love.

Never go to bed mad, stay up and fight.

Love is the delusion that one man or woman differs from another.

"This won't hurt, I promise."

